# Call Notes

1. We spent some time clarifying the business case of the software. There was some confusion regarding whether we would be storing packages temporarily or doing month-to-month storage of customer belongings. We clarified that we would be doing month-to-month storage of customer belongings.
1. Some of our rationale for doing month-to-month storage of customer belongings is that the end-product, a publicly-facing website, would best be able to utilize our UI/UX designer's expertise.
1. With input from our UI/UX designer, we decided that it would be best to only support private, individual customers rather than corporate customers since it would make the user experience design more targeted and likely to be effective. Expansion later is always possible if it makes sense.
1. We did an overview of the various features that might be possible to add, such as using a "knapsack problem" algorithm to optimize the placement of multiple colocated storage unit for customers who need extra storage (or planning storage expansions based on expected demand), or a priority-based algorithm for placing users into a storage unit that meets most of their highest-priority needs.
1. We reviewed the various technologies that will be used for the frontend (final product will use javascript and react), backend (python and a FastAPI api framework), and database (SQL).
1. We reviewed the idea of having a guest user, customer user, and admin user with the team.
1. User JE-CM can upload the technology overview diagram and user-usecase diagram !! ACTION ITEM FOR JE-CM !!